Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Grunting]
Wait!
Come back!
[Grunting]
Wait
Stop!
[Grunting]
[Groaning]
[Vehicle door closes]
Stop!
[Engine starts]
Wait!
[Horn honking,
brakes squealing]
Stop! You gotta help!
What are you doing?
Did you see that van?
We gotta stop him.
We can still catch him.
Come on, let's go.
Crackhead.
Please don't go.
You don't understand.
He's getting away.
You get off me.
Or I'll beat the crap out
of you! You understand me?
[Indistinct chatter]
A minute 32.
Faster than last time.
It helps when someone's
chasing me.
It's more about your competitive
nature if you ask me.
Well, I didn't.
We should do this
every morning.
Come on, Matt, I can't make
plans that far in the future.
If I didn't know better,
I'd say you have commitment issues.
Well, good thing
you know better.
Look, we really, uh,
we really shouldn't meet like this.
I know.
But, uh, we gotta talk
about some things.
Want to grab breakfast?
Yeah. Ok.
We gotta carbo load
after that run.
Doughnuts?
Of course.
6 letters,
"between the waves."
Slatch.
Yes. 10 letters,
"wandering alone."
Uh...Latin in origin,
alone is "solus,"
vagare is "wandering,"
10 letters--
s-o-l-I-v-a-g-a-n-t.
Congratulations, Blake,
you just finished that crossword puzzle
in 7 minutes.
I mean,
you could do it, too.
I've done it in 5 1/2,
actually.
There's a theory about
pattern recognition
where you don't even
have to look at the clues anymore,
but I found that going across
instead of down helps
because the sequence of saccades
and fixations in traditional reading
assist with other oculomotor
tasks such as solving crossword puzzles.
Happy Wednesday, my nerds.
Blake: Hey,
you're here early.
Well, apparently
not early enough.
I missed all the excitement.
You do that in pen?
Is there any other way?
Where's Hotch?
In there with Garcia.
Everything ok?
We'll see.
10 letters, starts with Cc".
Cabalistic?
Indeed.
Oi! Let's do this.
Garcia: Hi. Good morning.
No real time to get comfortable.
Hotch: An hour ago,
the man on your tablets
was found wandering the streets
of Baltimore before he collapsed.
He is unconscious,
he has no I.D. on him,
so we don't know his name.
He's got ligature marks
on his wrists,
and it's impossible to tell
how long he's been missing.
Are those puncture wounds
in the corner of his eyes?
Yes, and an MRI confirmed
that fibers in his brain had been severed.
He had a lobotomy?
There was hemorrhaging
and foreign object splinters
imbedded behind
his right eye.
Most likely from whatever
tool the unsub used.
My guess would be
an icepick.
The guy's still alive.
Can we talk to him?
You should try.
Someone with such
a specific M.O.
has probably
done this before.
We just don't know
about it yet.
It's all being
run through ViCAP.
Yes, it is.
The entry points in his eyes
are from an outpatient-style
traditional lobotomy.
Less mess than drilling holes
like Dahmer did.
And Dahmer's method killed.
This didn't.
So either the unsub
is lucky or he has medical training.
He wanted his victim
to survive.
We need to canvass the area
where he was found.
He wouldn't have walked
very far in this condition.
Well, lobotomies are considered
to be the surgery of the soul.
Doctors like Walter Freeman
claimed they could cure
a number of mental illnesses.
He believed the procedure
could relieve suffering.
Excuse me, Agent Hotchner.
Agent Cruz is here.
Oh. Everyone, this is
our new section chief.
This is Agent Mateo Cruz.
These are agents Blake--
Blake, Dr. Reid, Morgan,
Jareau, and Rossi.
Good to officially meet you.
Oh, and Penelope Garcia.
Erin Strauss always spoke
very highly of you.
Oh. Thank you.
I spoke to the Baltimore office.
Seems like like they're at a loss.
When the identity
of the victim is unknown,
it makes everything
that much harder.
I'd like to join you.
It's not every day
that these cases take you
an hour away from home, so...
Hotch: We leave
in 20 minutes.
You could have
mentioned this.
I thought
you liked surprises.
Seriously, I got word
minutes after we had breakfast.
28...29...
2010--
wait, that's not right.
Great, you're awake.
I'm Dr. Hoshino. You're
at Chesapeake General.
I need to talk
to the police.
I just heard
the FBI is coming.
Good. When will they get here?
Can you turn those down?
It's hot.
How are you doing?
My head hurts
worse than it was.
Can you just...
Thanks, that's better.
You have an I.V.
to keep you hydrated.
And I've prescribed propofol
to help with any discomfort.
Good, 'cause my head's
gonna explode.
Can you take this thing off?
Get that started.
Yes, doctor.
Please, turn those down.
It's too bright.
Wait, what's going on?
Can you hear me?
Wh-where are you going?
Can you hear me?!
♪ Criminal Minds 9x04 ♪
To Bear Witness
Original Air Date on October 16, 2013
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪
Morgan: "Someone I loved once
gave me a box full of darkness.
It took me years to understand
that this, too, was a gift."
Mary Oliver.
A lobotomy is supposed to
alter a patient's personality.
But it's hard to know if
that's what he was trying to do
since the victim's a John Doe.
When it's used for torture,
it's about complete power
and control over the victim.
Jeffrey Dahmer fantasized about men
and he put battery acid in their brains
so they couldn't escape.
All because he was lonely,
right?
Yeah, extremely deranged
sexual urges,
irrational fantasies,
and psychopathic tendencies.
Looks like the victim
is in his mid-20s,
but no one matching
his description
has been reported missing
in the tri-state area.
Well, it he's been
arrested before,
his prints will be
in the database.
The locals
are running them now.
Well, it's no accident the unsub
chose a victim who won't be missed.
But if he's so meticulous
in his hunting,
how did he let
his victim escape?
Hmm.
Interesting.
What's it say?
Cruz has risen
through the ranks.
It looks like he spent
most of his time at headquarters.
Blue-flamer.
Being our section chief
could be a two-year
steppingstone for him.
So he hasn't been in the field,
but he wants to now?
What's wrong with that?
Come on, it was the same
thing with Strauss.
We don't need a babysitter
out here.
Well, that's not how she saw it.
She just wanted to see
the team in action.
Look, all due respect to Strauss,
and you know that, Rossi,
I just don't like it.
If you want a desk job,
then sit at your desk.
Jeez, tell us what
you really think.
You ever heard
of this Cruz guy?
Yeah, but we never
crossed paths. You?
Nope.
JJ?
Uh, yeah,
I've heard his name.
He's been in and out
of consciousness.
I've had to stabilize
his head,
given the extent
of the injuries.
He's sedated
to help with the pain.
But don't those meds
cause amnesia?
Sometimes. But I don't
have a choice.
Without the pain medicine,
he'll be miserable.
It sure wear off
in the next few hours.
Do you think he understands
what's happening?
Part of me
hopes he doesn't,
but, yeah, I think so.
Thanks, Doctor.
My name is Derek Morgan.
I'm with the FBI.
Can you tell me your name?
Sam Carter.
Look, you gotta help me.
I'm probably not the first
person to ask you that, am I?
More like the tenth.
There are ways to figure
things out without words.
I'd like to try that
with you, ok?
Ok.
For example, can you blink
if you understand?
Would that work for you?
Blink once if it does.
Ok.
Perfect.
Do you know who did this?
No.
Was it a man?
Yes.
Ok.
Was he working alone?
Yes.
Do you know
where he kept you?
Some dump near
Harford Road.
Right. I'm sorry.
Just give me a piece of paper.
I'll write it down.
What are you trying to say?
Do you want to write?
Do you want
to write something?
It's gotta be faster
than this.
Here.
Harford Road.
There were a bunch
of warehouses.
I'm sorry, man.
That's not what I wrote.
Look, the person
who did is to you
messed up your ability
to talk,
but we're gonna
get through it, all right?
What happened to me?
What's happening?
Ok, here.
I need you to try
and stay calm,
but I can show you
what you look like if you want.
You sure you want to see?
Yeah. Show me.
Oh...
Oh, my God.
The victim was found
just after dawn.
It could mean the unsub has a job
that requires him to leave early.
My guess is his social
skills are lacking,
and that'll be reflected
in his type of work.
S.A.C. is in the field but called
to say whatever you need, you got it.
The recovery site's
surrounded by abandoned warehouses.
He needs the desolation to
enforce his power and control.
There's a team looking
through the building now.
This unsub doesn't leave
anything to luck.
There was a garbage truck
that sticks to a schedule.
Hey, Hotch.
Did you talk to the driver?
Yeah, according to him,
the victim
looked and sounded
like a zombie.
There's no way
he made it far.
Most of the buildings
down here are boarded up.
We're starting with
the closest one.
The victim
was in such bad shape,
he probably didn't
walk the stairs by himself.
He was either held
on the first floor
and luckily
made it out...
Or he didn't escape at all.
The unsub let him go.
[Train whistle blowing]
[Indistinct chatter]
[Gasping]
[Moans]
Come on, stay with me.
I'm just so tired.
Let me get this right.
He's working alone?
Yes.
But what?
Was it more than
one of you there?
That's what I've been
trying to tell you.
We gotta figure out
another way to do this.
My eyes are killing me.
Was it another guy?
No.
Was it a girl?
Yes.
Do you know her?
Yes, I know her.
Dana? Dana!
Dana...
Here's where he held him.
Why would he
let this guy go?
He wants him to suffer.
Whoa!
Ooh.
Oh...
What the hell is that?
Adult diapers.
Medical soap.
Toothbrushes.
He took care
of this victim.
Only to ensure
he'd stay alive.
This looks small.
Why would he leave
these behind?
'Cause he wants us
to know something.
Hotch, the unsub also
had a female victim.
They ran
the victim's prints,
but he wasn't
in any database.
He doesn't have
any track marks,
and the tox screen
is clean.
This isn't the kind of guy who would
hang out in that neighborhood.
It rules out the
high-risk behavior theory,
but it doesn't answer
why he wouldn't be missed.
That's what we're
working on right now.
What 20-something nowadays
wouldn't be missed?
I mean, with social media alone,
there's constant contact.
What's this?
Over 50 universities
in the state,
50 more if you add
D.C. and Virginia.
The students are the most
socially active of all.
Why aren't we looking into someone
with a more isolated existence?
The low-risk behavior of the victim
tells us a lot about his lifestyle.
He might stalk the most isolated victims
knowing that they won't be missed.
That's smart.
Campuses are a great place to blend in,
and all of those schools
look within a two-hour drive.
[Ring]
Go ahead, Garcia.
There are over 100,000 kids enrolled
in Maryland colleges alone,
another hundred in Northern Virginia
and the district.
All right, send out a photo of the victim
to all the campuses.
Somebody's going
to recognize him.
And, sir, I did that search
through ViCAP.
Nothing in the states.
So I figured it'd be ok
to cast a wider net,
and I asked a brilliant
ex-coworker of ours,
and guess what--Emily found
a single incident on Interpol.
It looked like a one-hit
wonder until now.
Where?
Berlin.
Germany?
What about Germany?
A male victim.
Come here. Come here.
Come here.
Hotch, I gotta go.
Does Germany
mean something to you?
Dana lived there. Yes.
Yes, it means something.
Ok, this is good.
We're getting somewhere.
Doc, when he's awake,
he definitely knows
what's going on.
I'd like you to get me
a communication board.
I want to get him to
spell some things out.
That's great. I'll
get one in here.
I'm just checking
your eyes again.
The swelling's gone down.
Cranial nerves and pupil
reflex looks normal,
considering the trauma.
This isn't right.
What is it? What's wrong?
What do you see?
Open your eyes wide as you can.
Hello.
The doctor's gonna see
if he can remove the camera.
He was blinking the whole time.
It's how he communicated,
but I don't know how
I didn't see this sooner.
The eye is the most
confined space in the body,
which means the camera's
probably 3 to 4 millimeters long
and difficult to see
without a microscopic lens.
Is it a prosthetic eye?
No. It's right next
to the pupil.
That must be the unidentified
splinter the MRI showed.
It's an ocular nano-implant.
All right, thanks.
Garcia's searching
for the transmission
but it's bouncing
all over the city.
They're usually controlled
by cell phone,
which needs to be within
a specific distance, so he's close.
I know they've developed
the technology,
but it isn't widely known.
Actually it is,
if you know who to call.
Everything's
on the black market.
It's expensive
but not high-tech.
Should we be looking
at micro surgeons?
There's no need.
The camera itself
is smaller than
the point of a needle.
That's usually
how they inject it.
That's weird.
He fancied an old-fashioned
technique for the lobotomy,
but the camera tells us
that he's technically inclined.
What about this German victim?
How does he tie in?
The M.E. report says that
he survived the lobotomy
but was later
shot in the head.
Why?
He was a test run
for the current victim.
Once the theory was proved
he was no longer needed.
Cruz: Did he install a camera
in that victim's eye, too?
Hotch: No.
There's something special
about this guy.
Where did their paths cross?
Garcia's compiling a list
of foreign exchange students.
That should be a more
manageable number.
You would think so, but D.C.
has the highest concentration
of exchange students
in the nation,
which means we're
still looking at tens of thousands.
And we're also running
facial recognition on student visas.
That's all good,
but now what?
We figure out why
he's doing it.
[Whimpering, moaning]
This escalation could be
the unsub's message
about the eyes being
windows to the soul.
There's something to that.
The same genes
that develop the iris
also shape the frontal lobe,
which influences personality.
Why is this part of his ritual now
but it wasn't in Berlin?
Well, that's unclear,
but his first kill in Berlin
means he has a significant
connection there.
He's likely visiting the U.S.
and he feels out of place.
And that may be how he
connected with his victims.
He's definitely
had medical training.
His German victim
was a student,
and the unsub may also
be in those circles.
We need to check currently
enrolled medical students
as well as recent dropouts,
both here and abroad.
Blake: He's clearly
bright and capable.
His torture suggests
he's experimenting,
which could mean
he's bored.
But with his intelligence
comes a dark side.
And that's where his psychology
and genetics come into play.
[Screaming]
How do you know
those characteristics?
We can only speculate,
but if his victims do represent him,
then he's telling us that he feels
lobotomized and powerless.
This could mean
he was raised in a strict home
or one where he
didn't have a voice.
[Gasps]
Aah!
Aah! Aah...
Do you think he was heavily
medicated or institutionalized?
Maybe. A majority of the lobotomy
patients in the 1940s
were mentally ill and resided
in state-run institutions.
The doctors there felt they were
providing mercy to the patients,
but the use of the camera
tells us that this unsub
wants his victims to suffer.
And the emotional torture
of being left paralyzed
is a kind of overkill,
and that occurs when
there's a personal connection
between the offender
and the victims.
Reid: He wants them to suffer,
but he also wants to witness
what it's like to be them.
Blake: He's given himself
a front-row seat.
And now that he knows
we're on the case,
that kind of attention
could cause him to escalate.
How so?
He may want us to see
what he sees.
So what did he say
when you asked
if there was a woman
held with him?
He didn't say a word.
The guy's brain
got scrambled.
I can't imagine
knowing what's going on
but not being able
to say anything.
I know he's only got
minimal gestures,
but did he give you
any indication he knew her?
Just shut his eyes,
the same way he did
when he realized
he was paralyzed.
Well, that's definitely
a sign.
An emotional one.
Well, if we say we have
a missing couple
and we put his photo
around campuses,
we might be able
to figure out who she is, too.
Any word on the camera?
Doctor's checking
the x-rays now
to see if
he can get it out.
If it's the nano-tech
I think it is,
removing the piece could be
dangerous for the victim.
At the very least
he could lose his eye.
You've seen
this stuff before.
Not quite like this,
but it's used for foreign
counterintelligence.
So then where
did he get it?
It's like back-alley lasik.
You're kidding me.
We should just
shut his eyes.
Show's over.
Or we could play his game.
They can't take it out.
Not yet.
Or I'll die, right?
So why don't we try to focus
on something that we can
control, all right?
I'm going to point
to some rows,
and I want you to tell me
if the letter that you need is in it.
What's your name?
Sam.
First row.
Second row.
Third.
Yes.
Ok. Ok, that's good.
That's good.
Yes.
"S"? Ok.
What's the second letter?
"A".
Ok.
S-a...
Sam.
Sam C. I know he hasn't
spelled his whole name yet,
but here he is.
[Ring]
What have you got, Garcia?
Victim's name is Sam Carter,
and he's a grad student at...
Morgan:
Johns Hopkins.
This is great, Sam.
You're doing really great.
Who is the woman
that was with you?
Dana.
Ok.
No, "D".
No.
"D".
Ok.
Yes.
"D".
What's the second letter?
Yes.
"A".
Ok. D-a...
Now the third letter.
No, second row.
Yes.
Ok.
It's "N", come on.
"N", yes.
"N". Ok.
D-a-n...
Keep going, Sam.
First row.
"A".
Sam.
The medicine's
making me so drowsy.
No--
"I"? Dani?
Is it Danielle?
I meant "A", not "I".
It's D-A-N-A.
Go up a row.
We're gonna look for all
the Danis that we can.
But I need you to save
your strength for this next part.
What next part?
What now?
We're gonna try to talk
to him through you.
Just get Dana.
Don't let this happen to Dana.
Yes, yes, talk to him.
Now, are you sure
that you don't know him?
I don't know him.
I'm sure.
Ok. Just bear with me.
Sam, the person
who did this to you
is challenging us,
so sometimes we have to bluff.
I don't think he can hear us,
but he's definitely watching.
Come on--
No, no, Sam, Sam.
Sam!
I know you're tired.
But I need you to try
and keep your eyes open.
[Screaming]
[Crying]
Cheese.
[Sobbing]
Kevin, I cannot talk
right now. I'm swamped.
Do you see it?
Yes, I saw that you sent me
and email,
Morgan's everywhere.
But I can't read it right--
you gotta look.
Wait, what?
What do you an, Morgan?
I gotta go.
The unsub is posting us
on the web.
Yeah, we're seeing it, too.
I can't shut it down.
It's going viral.
It's streaming
all over the globe.
Hey, Rossi.
Ok, we got it.
Sam, close your eyes.
What? Why?
What's going on?
The unsub's posting this.
Where?
All over the world--live.
Sam, close your eyes.
Oh, God.
[Gasping, crying out]
You said he wanted us
to see.
So why not go to the media?
Why the Internet?
The media edits the message.
The Internet doesn't.
He's calling our bluff.
If we know who he is,
we should come and get him.
[Whimpering]
Use that board again.
It's D-A-N-A.
Please, pick it up.
Sam, I know it's hard,
but you gotta keep
your eyes closed.
Just find her.
Don't let them do this
to Dana.
[Dana screaming]
[Sobbing]
[Screaming]
[Continues screaming
and sobbing]
Please, save me.
[Whimpers]
Oh, God, oh, God, oh, God.
Oh, God.
Hotch: There's light
coming from above.
Reid: The ceiling's low.
It could be a basement.
What's he doing?
Taunting us.
6 locks on the inside.
He's barricading them in.
We know what he looks like.
We have not found him
in any database yet.
I want all of your agents
to spread out
and comb a 5-mile radius
from the hospital
where Sam Carter was found.
All right.
Yes, sir.
I told the Director
you're doing everything you can.
Do you want me to get
a joint taskforce started?
If Garcia can't shut the site down,
I don't think anybody can.
If this woman dies
on the Internet
and we didn't do everything
in our power to save her--
We've got agents who know
this city best in the field.
My team is doing everything we can.
You do what you have to do.
[Sighs] This guy
doesn't seem to care
that we know what he looks like.
It's like he wants to get caught.
He does.
He waited till
we were all watching
to lobotomize this girl.
Why?
Because he's punishing her,
and he wants everyone to see it.
Morgan: Garcia,
you can't block it?
He's got multiple-core
servers.
Come on, baby girl. I know
you can shut this thing down.
I am trying my hardest.
It is no joke.
It's a premium network
bounced between Germany,
Denmark, Indonesia,
Panama, and the U.S.,
and his firewall is hard-core.
Well, can you at least
figure out the U.S. angle?
I am trying as hard as I can.
Nothing he's doing
has a sexual component,
that we know of, anyway.
If he wanted to kill Sam,
he had every chance to do it,
but instead he let Sam go.
Both of these victims
are significant to him.
It looks like
he's playing a game,
not just with us,
but with all of them.
If it isn't sexual but still
has incredible stakes to him,
maybe it's familial.
I mean, he could be
related to one of them.
He's not just punishing her,
he's torturing her family.
He has her
in a straitjacket.
What's that about?
This message is
personally specific.
She restrained
and emotionally paralyzed.
She's in no condition
to run away.
So those locks
are to keep others out.
Because he's in
another bad area.
Probably close to where
he kept them before.
Garcia, we need the location
of every cell tower where
the signal's bouncing.
That's a lot, sir,
but I'm sending them now.
What about the name Dani?
Does it cross with Sam in any way?
There's a Dana Harris.
It's not Dani,
but he's called Dana Harris
a dozen times,
and she is on a student visa
at Johns Hopkins,
and, oh, my God,
she's from Berlin.
Does she have a connection
to Baltimore other than school?
Digging...Yes, yes.
Her father is a partner
at Strauss and Harris
commercial real estate.
They specialize in converting
warehouses in port cities
all over they world.
They own one
in Northern Baltimore.
And wouldn't you know it?
There's a cell phone tower
right by there that
that signal is bouncing from.
What's the address?
Sending it to your phones now.
[Speaking German]
There she is.
That's definitely Dana.
I've got eyes on her.
She's getting into a white van.
Do we have cross streets?
Not yet. But it looks
like she's in an alley.
Why would he want us
to see where they're going?
Because he's arrogant.
This is the end of his plan
and we're a part of it.
Garcia, we think the unsub
could be related to Sam or Dana.
The Harris family
has a son, Anton, 29.
History of violent outbursts
had him bouncing between
boarding schools all over Europe.
While Dana stayed close to home.
How'd you know?
He blames Dana for his rejection
and abandonment issues.
It's a classic
universal wound.
Left untreated and combined with
the psychopathic urges,
that trauma led
to extreme aggression.
And a desperate need
for attention.
Let me guess, Garcia--
one of the parents is a medical doctor.
Mom was before she died.
It looks like young Anton
was studying to be a veterinarian.
Little sister trumped him
by attending medical school at Hopkins.
He did all this
to get on his parents' radar.
How long has Anton
been in the states?
A month into his 3-month visa.
He waited until Dana
was away from the family
before he attacked.
JJ: All right, we got the van.
It's parked in the alley
behind Greenmount at 25th.
He's gone.
This isn't good.
All right. Let's split up
and search the building.
Cruz, come with me.
Hands where I can see them.
I will if you answer
something.
It doesn't work like that.
Show me your hands.
Hands!
Aren't you the one
who's supposed to ask me
why I do what I do?
I would if I didn't
already know.
You're patient,
but you also take risks.
It's why you leave
nothing to chance.
I wondered why you hadn't
practiced on the eyes
of the man you killed
in Berlin.
It's because you'd already
tried it on yourself.
You're recording
all of this right now,
because you want everyone
out there to know
what it's like to be you.
Maybe they'll understand.
Maybe they'll even
feel sorry for you.
But they won't.
Because we've intercepted
your transmission
and shut it down.
Go ahead, see for yourself.
So they aren't
watching me anymore.
What else is new?
My father sent me away
because I humiliated him.
He said I brought shame
to our family.
Your father sent you away
because you're sick
and he wanted to protect Dana.
He was right.
But he couldn't stop me.
Your father's on his way.
But of course you knew that.
That's why you showed
everyone your face.
You wanted him to know
that you'd won.
And it worked.
But you have to admit,
what I've done
is extraordinary.
My father
will never forget it.
Certainly Dana won't.
Or maybe she will.
Will you?
I already have.
Cuff him.
Garcia didn't shut down
his signal, did she?
Well, he didn't know that.
I can see why they didn't
want you out of the field.
Yes, sir, right away.
Get her on now!
[Cell phone rings]
Cruz.
Copy that.
He's driving back with us.
You're getting stronger.
I knew you would.
Can you guys
hold up for a second?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Dana. I'm Derek.
Sam here is very happy
to see you.
D-Dana.
Dr. Hoshino:
Her vitals are strong.
I should have her back
in an hour.
You want to go with
her, don't you, Sam?
Yes.
You got it.
They gonna be ok?
Maybe.
Eventually.
Worst case of sibling rivalry
I've ever seen.
Yeah.
Do you have kids?
No.
Do you?
Yes.
My father named me Anton
because it means
"invaluable."
Do you think
he ever believed that?
Why don't you ask him?
I will.
You sure about that?
Absolutely. Come on,
it's not a problem.
Hotch: "Death is not
the greatest loss in life.
The greatest loss is what dies
inside of us while we live."
Norman Cousins.
[Knock on door]
Mr. Harris has
diplomatic connections
and wanted to have
Anton extradited.
After all that he's still trying
to protect him.
Tell me you didn't
let that happen.
I called in a favor
from the State Department.
He's being charged
and tried right here.
Good.
You got a good team.
We do.
Welcome.
Thanks.
You always here
this late?
Pretty much, yeah.
Every time your name
was mentioned today
and every time I didn't say,
hey, yeah, I know him, I'm lying.
I know it's not easy.
I don't like it either.
We're surrounded
by profilers, Matt.
One side glance and they're
gonna figure it all out.
Well, separating us
in the field was smart.
It was the only way.
Look, I--I know why
we can't tell them.
I get that, but...
We can't have too many
of these conversations either.
That case could stay open
for a couple years.
It's already been
almost 3.
Did you take this
position because of me?
No.
Trust me, I walked into
the Hoover building this morning
and was told to drive
out to Quantico immediately.
So someone put this
transfer on the fast track.
State?
They wouldn't admit it
if they did.
True.
This, um...us...
We're good, right?
Yeah.
Ok.
You want to meet at the
Air and Space in the morning,
run some sprints?
I'm going to make breakfast
for my boys.
Great plan.
Going home?
Yeah.
Cruz?
I've got some work
to do. Good night.
JJ: Good night.
Good night.
Cruz: Good night.
You good?
Yeah. All good.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org